hey what's going on youtube this is zero
chris jones you're here and today we're
playing two more battlefield back coming
to this time rush on the map laguna
presa and i'm using the engineer kit and
you know in soviet russia I've got the
aks-74u mp4 12 racks in the rpg-7 and of
course being engineer I have the
engineer tool and then also four times
optics enhanced explosives and the
vehicle proximity sensor now what I want
to talk to you about today was why i am
a pc gamer and why pc is my favorite
platform the game on now before you
click the dislike button or go watch
another video realize that i'm not a
fanboy by any means i used to have a nes
playstation one playstation 2 and then
my brother's playstation 3 was actually
what really got me into online gaming
modern warfare 2 was the very first
video game i ever played online
multiplayer match on so i'm definitely
not a fanboy I've had past experiences
with multiple consoles but I'd have
gotten some messages in the past asking
whoa how do you forward a gaming rig
when you're only 15 your parents must
really spoil you or you know people who
had school being like you play computer
games you're like a runescape nerd or
something something stupid like that and
that's really not the case people need
to realize that you get the same game on
console and PC but since pc uses
state-of-the-art equipment you know the
brand spanking new stuff and you will
get a better graphic experience I'll
have my pc specs in the description box
below but I basically spent right around
five hundred dollars on my gaming rig
and using a $55 graphics card and it
runs ninety percent of modern games like
such as that battlefield back them to to
in this case I'm running in 1080p every
setting put the high vsync and HBA Oh
are turned off and then I
of four times anti-aliasing and eight
times anis traffic filtering so really
really high settings on a $55 graphics
card so the idea of you need a get a new
graphics card or upgrade your system
every month is complete lie that that's
really not the case gaming hardware can
last a lot longer than what some people
might think another reason why prefer pc
is just because the community behind pc
gaming is often times more mature since
not everyone can refer afford a gaming
rig it's cheaper to go to the console
route so you don't rarely if ever you'll
have an eight-year-old screaming through
his microphone that he died at you or
something like that and also with the
keyboard mouse we'd ton more accurate
and I know you guys probably heard this
before if your console gamers but and
you know you can set up macro keys to
perform certain functions everything is
customizable it's a lot it's hard to get
used to at first not gonna lie because
there's no aim assist so aiming is it's
not the easiest thing but once you can
get it down you can be very very good
with it an overall ha awesome experience
with it the main reason why I'm a PC
gamer at the moment at least is because
I needed something new to edit videos
with upload them to youtube and such so
if i would have took the console rail i
would have paid you know two three
hundred dollars for the console around
two hundred dollars for a high-def
capture card so I can make gameplay
videos and commentaries and then I would
be right around the same price range
that I paid for my pc and I still want
to have anything to edit videos with
because my last computer was a pentium 4
that i was using up till last year so
that was not just not going to hold up
for me and you know not everyone plays
counter-strike everyone plays a world of
warcraft not everyone plays um no tetris
or whatever whatever some people seem to
think but it is the generally same thing
that you'll be getting on console just
in my opinion a little bit better so in
plus the main reason like I explained
before is because of the situation I was
in with money I had to spend it on
best thing available so I decided to go
this route so this commentary is coming
to a close if you like the video go
ahead and give it a thumbs up you can
also follow me on twitter twitter.com /
yoker 70 and subscribe my youtube
channel for more and i will see you guys
in the next video who's 8m one build is
actually just hit the net it's available
on all kinds of peer-to-peer torrent
sites it is the m1 build 7850 and it is
a 2.45 gigabyte file